[NARRATOR] Previously
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Yamu and Spopovitch
took to the skies
with Gohan's stolen energy,
but our heroes followed
in hot pursuit,
led by the Supreme Kai.
Together, they've
tracked the thieves
to the wizard Babidi's
hidden lair.
Unfortunately, a new evil stands
ready to meet them--today!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[KIBITO]
Oh, no!
Dabura? It can't be!
This is ill news!
Babidi is powerful, yes,
but to sway a demon!
[gasps]
Who is who?
Is Dabura the big one?
[SUPREME KAI]
Indeed.
So, uh... Is he strong?
More than you can imagine.
One does not become King
of the Demon World otherwise.
Um. Okay then.
And the Demon World would be?
An accursed realm;
the foul underbelly
of this world.
Just as you are
the physical exemplars
of your own sphere.
The terrifying specimen
before you
is the diabolical pride of his.
Uh. Yeah. Give me a sec.
Let me make sure
I got this straight.
Not only is there an actual
place called Demon World,
but it has a king.
And he's right down there?
[GOHAN] So, I'm guessing that
means the weird little fellah
hovering next to him is Babidi?
[SUPREME KAI]
Yes.
[GOKU] No kidding? He sure
doesn't look like much.
[SUPREME KAI]
Do not be deceived.
He may be feeble in body,
but he compensates for this
through his magic.
Magic potent enough to tame
even a Demon King
and all of his might.
You're telling me
this Dabura lets himself
get bossed around
by that shrimp?
I mean it looks like he can
barely get himself out of bed!
Well, yes,
but bear in mind:
demons are by and large subject
to the kind of greed
that answers readily
to dark sorcery.
In a sense, their evil natures
feed upon each other.
[PICCOLO gasps]
That is the secret
of Babidi's powerful hold.
Dabura, Yamu, Spopovitch.
Every henchmen is held captive
by his own self-interest.
Hence, only the pure of heart,
who can look beyond themselves
to the greater good, are immune
to an evil wizard's will.
Be that as it may,
I'm nonetheless shocked
they're in league.
Combined, their strength
is beyond imagination!
Surely you're not suggesting
that we can't beat them.
Mmm.
[VEGETA chuckles]
So the world as we know it
ends if Majin Buu awakes.
Well, those two
are sorely mistaken
if they think I'll allow it.
[KRILLIN] How do we get
mixed up in things like this?
It's okay. There's no
reason for you to be here.
Best if you head on back
while you still can.
I think I'll
take you up on that.
It's not like I'd be much help
against guys on their level.
Besides, you're
practically a newlywed.
We don't want to keep you
away from the wife.
You've got a point.
And my darling little girl's
growing like a weed.
[chuckles]
I should go.
[BABIDI]
Excellent! Ah!
It's positively
brimming with energy.
[SPOPOVITCH, YAMU]
Ah!
Yes, sir!
[BABIDI chuckles]
[chuckles]
Nicely done.
Majin's glorious return
is that much closer to us.
[BOTH chuckle]
You know the best part,
believe it or not,
is that the two of us barely
even had to break a sweat!
[BABIDI] So you won't object
to my letting you go?
[BOTH]
Huh?
[BABIDI grunts]
[SPOPOVITCH yells]
[laughs]
[BOTH groan]
[GOKU gasps]
[SPOPOVITCH groans]
[BABIDI laughs]
[ALL gasp]
[yells]
Delicious. I'll never get
tired of hearing the boom.
Ha! It's a great noise, sir.
Please.
Allow me the remainder.
[yells]
PuiPui. Care to
practice your aim?
Yes, sir!
[screams]
Ah! Well done!
[PUIPUI]
Hm!
Wha--I don't believe it!
These guys are total monsters!
[PICCOLO gasps quaveringly]
[KRILLIN gasps quaveringly]
[grunts]
[BABIDI laughs]
Did you see
the look on his face?
He and Spopovitch were petrified
to the point of pathetic.
Nothing is more amusing
than a muscle-bound grunt
in the throes of panic.
[DABURA chuckles]
Soon, Master, panic will be the
order of the day on this planet.
And won't it be fun!
[laughs]
That's just awful.
That's one word for it, yeah.
[KIBITO] So you see, this is
how Babidi weaves his web.
Warriors from all across
the cosmos are drawn in
as flies to honey,
guided by blind ambition.
They bow to his whim
without second thought
and when they've
outlived their usefulness,
he discards them;
tosses them aside like garbage.
In the end their
loyalty earning them
nothing more than
an agonizing dismissal.
Huh. Dabura, my boy.
Sir?
Doesn't the air
suddenly feel closer?
As though our late associates
brought more energy here
than they suspected?
[chuckles]
Whoever our guests may be,
the Supreme Kai is with them.
I can feel his presence.
[chuckles]
They think they're hiding
from us, Master.
There's seven.
Very interesting.
Even if we factor Kibito and the
Supreme Kai out of the equation,
three of the remaining four
possess unheard of
stores of power.
Their contribution to our cause
would be substantial.
[BABIDI]
Yes, my thoughts exactly.
In fact, I daresay
the three in question
would top us off, so to speak.
[laughs]
Who'd have thought
we'd be able to revive
Majin Buu so soon, eh?
Let us lure the newcomers
into our spaceship
for proper processing.
That would be the fastest way
to collect their energy,
wouldn't you say?
Quite. Though I'm sure
the Supreme Kai
will try to prevent it.
Take care of the ones
we won't be needing
and swagger inside.
The fools will give chase
out of sheer desperation
for what's become of their
companions and pay no heed
to the Supreme Kai's misgivings.
Very well, then.
Heh. Though I had hoped
my role would be bigger.
Have patience. And leave the
Supreme Kai intact, please.
I owe him dearly,
you understand.
My father's sad fate demands
a most unique revenge.
Far be it from me
to argue, sir.
I'm not one for standing
in the way of payback.
Be sure to have
a little fun, though.
[DABURA]
Yes.
But I-- I can
be useful, too, sir!
Now, now.
Dabura's quite capable
of doing this alone.
Stop whining and come inside.
I'll let you be Stage One.
Really?
What the--? Why'd they
leave the big guy
outside by himself
all of a sudden?
All right. Let's begin.
[knuckles crack]
[chuckles]
Ha! Watch it--
he knows we're here!
[yells]
[KIBITO yells]
[DABURA bellows]
Kibito!
[laughs]
You--
[VEGETA grunts]
[DABURA]
Hmmmm.
He-heh!
Look out!
Oh no!
His saliva's tainted!
[PICCOLO]
What?
[DABURA]
Hm-hm-hmm.
You degenerate!
[GOKU]
Wait!
[PICCOLO]
Ugh!
[gasps]
[KRILLIN screams]
Krillin, no!
[KRILLIN groans]
[groans]
[GOKU]
Krillin! Piccolo!
Piccolo!
What's he done to my friends?
They--They're stone.
Huh?!
This is one of
Dabura's vile powers.
Those upon whom
he spits become statues!
[GOKU]
That's unbelievable!
Hold on!
[SUPREME KAI] No, Goku!
You mustn't touch him!
[GOKU]
Why not?
Break them and they can never
be restored to their true form.
Leave them as they are for the
time being, I implore you!
Oh, man.
[DABURA laughs]
[GOKU grunts]
[laughs]
Now run along, children.
None of you has the strength
to defy my master.
[laughs]
[VEGETA grunts]
[GOKU gasps]
This is bad.
They're not moving.
[VEGETA grunts]
Hey, Supreme Kai.
If we break 'em,
they can't go back
to their original form, right?
Does that mean there's a way
to bring 'em out of this
if we keep them in one piece?
There is. But I'm afraid
that it requires
Dabura being defeated.
That works for me.
A problem with
a simple solution.
Just how I like it. Heh.
[SUPREME KAI gasps]
What are we waiting for?
Our friends need us.
Either way, we didn't come here
to play hide and seek.
Good point, Gohan! Come on!
Don't do it! You're playing
right into Babidi's hands!
Following Dabura
into that ship is exactly
what he expects you to do!
Far wiser to await further
developments and lay low!
[GOKU]
My buddies are garden gnomes!
I can't sit around and let birds
start building nests on 'em!
[GOHAN]
Me neither!
[SUPREME KAI]
Wait!
[VEGETA]
Sorry.
Patience has
never been something
we're particularly good at.
[gasps]
[sighs]
You impulsive--!
Hmm.
[VEGETA gasps]
Okay. Let's go.
All right.
[BABIDI laughs]
Here they come!
Simpletons. This is going
to be a piece of cake.
[BOTH chuckle]
What's up with this place?
For a spaceship,
it sure is plain.
Looks like there's
really only one door.
Whaddya say we bust it down
and have a peek?
Right.
Ha! Cool! Nice of you
to join us, Supreme Kai.
What made you change your mind?
I don't dare leave the three
of you to your own devices.
Huh?
[SUPREME KAI] Doing so thus far
is why we're not likely
to see the light of day again.
We'll have to subdue Babidi
if we want to leave the ship.
Huh. Well, least we know
what we gotta do, right?
That's somethin'.
Hm! If it comes to it,
I'll tear this rat hole apart
with my bare hands.
You will not!
A strong enough jolt to
the structure of this ship
might awaken Majin Buu!
Believe me when
I tell you this threat
cannot be taken too seriously!
If our foe should rise with only
a fraction of his power intact--
only a fraction
please bear in mind--
it will be more than
sufficient to reduce us
and this entire planet to dust!
[VEGETA huffs]
My, what an astounding
bit of fortune, Supreme Kai.
[laughs]
Rather unassuming place
for a wizard, isn't it?
[PUIPUI chuckles]
I'm ready, Master!
Please say it's time!
[BABIDI]
Heh. Eager, aren't we?
Heh. Yes. Eager to
do you quite proud, sir!
Aw. Well, you've been
very patient.
Go on then, I suppose.
Collect their energy
like a good little boy.
Right! Just leave it to me!
[neck cracks]
[exhales]
Good heavens.
Where's my mind gone?
Here I am, idling away while
precious energy grows cold.
Come along, Dabura.
We needn't watch the battle
to know how it will turn out.
No. We don't.
[electric motor hums]
[chuckles]
Good of you all to come.
Welcome to Stage One,
my friends.
Uh, what's he talking about?
Yeah. What do you mean?
[PUIPUI] Between you
and the bottom floor
where Babidi's waiting
are a number of stages
you'll have to pass through.
Each one more harrowing
than the one above.
Naturally enough,
this is the first stage;
but don't let
the designation fool you.
If you expect
to pass this stage,
you'll have to get through me.
And I promise it won't be easy.
So, say hello to the guy who's
gonna wipe the floor with you!
[laughs intensely]
Uh. Yeah.
I think you might be in
for a little surprise there.
[PUIPUI] Wha--?
[BABIDI] Hmmm.
[BABIDI laughs]
Ah? Wha--? How the--?
Just one injection and
the meter goes haywire?
Can we already have
half the energy that we need?
Is something wrong?
[BABIDI]
Mmm.
I'm simply questioning
whether I may have
underestimated Spopovitch
and Yamu's work ethic.
Well. They did
get the job done, sir.
Ugh. If they could
gather this much energy
in such a short time, clearly it
was hasty of me to dismiss them.
Really ought to have
thought that through.
[chuckles]
Bah. I wouldn't
worry too much.
Something tells me
the three onboard
will turn out to be
quite a windfall.
Once leeched
of their life-force,
we'll be just shy of our goal.
In fact, it wouldn't
surprise me to see Majin Buu
fully restored
by this time tomorrow.
[laughs]
Genius of me to have
the trio ensnared, wasn't it?
Indeed. Shall we look in
on our valued guests
and see if PuiPui has made short
work of their confidence yet?
Come, Dabura.
Let's have a gander.
[GOHAN, GOKU, VEGETA]
And, go! And, go! And, go!
[BABIDI]
What? What is this nonsense?
They should be fighting!
[GOHAN, GOKU, VEGETA]
And, go! And, go!
And, go! And, go! And, go!
Aah. Wha--? What do these
dolts think they're playing at?
[GOHAN, GOKU, VEGETA]
And, go! And, go! And, go!
[chuckles]
Guess it's me.
Well. You beat us
fair and square.
Yes. This clown
will rue the day.
[SUPREME KAI] Excuse me.
Surely you don't mean
to take him one-on-one, do you?
Of course I do.
This isn't a battle royale.
[gasps]
[laughs]
Hard to believe on
the way up here
I was starting to get a bit
worried that the three of you
just might give me
a run for my money.
This'll be so easy
I'm liable to get bored!
Your master was a fool
to send you here alone.
Then again, I suppose I can't
blame him for his ignorance.
How could he know the strongest
warrior in the universe
could come calling
at his doorstep?
You? The strongest
in the universe?
[laughs]
It's gonna take a lot more
than that to psych me out!
You see! One cannot
underestimate a wizard!
Babidi's taste
in henchmen is impeccable;
he gathers only
the strongest warriors
and bends their will
to his own!
Aw, don't worry.
Vegeta's handled worse than this
plenty of times, trust me.
Are you sure?
Abandon all hope
of escape, my friends. Ha!
Every single one
of my attacks that hits home
will siphon your energy into
the walls of this chamber.
Where it will be
channeled straight into
the hermetic sphere
of Majin Buu's slumber!
And what if none of
your attacks hit home?
'Cause what I'm hearing you say
is if I take no damage,
you get no energy.
That right?
[PUIPUI]
Oh, you'll take damage.
I don't know the kind of trash
you're used to fighting,
but I can guarantee you've
never gone toe-to-toe
with someone like me!
[laughs]
The more you talk,
the less I hear.
Stop yammering
and just throw a punch.
I'm in a hurry
to get this over with.
[growls lowly]
Whenever you're ready.
This Vegeta has
no idea what he's in for.
[BOTH chuckle]
Oh dear.
[PUIPUI yells]
[NARRATOR] Within Babidi's
tightly sealed lair,
the battle for Stage One
is about to begin!
Is Vegeta up to the task?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Man, I can't believe Vegeta
gets to be the first one up.
I've been itching
for a fight all day!
[SUPREME KAI]
I sincerely wish you people
wouldn't take
our dilemma so lightly.
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
[GOHAN] Wow. I don't think
I'll ever get used to seeing
how powerful Dad and Vegeta are.